---
layout: post
title: "Protest Camp from 18-23 January in front of Heidelberg City Hall!"
lang: en
lang-ref: protestcamp_18_01_22
---

You have heard about the situation at the Polish-Belarusian border? You are shocked that people there are being used as "weapons"? Outraged that the EU and Germany allow this to happen and knowingly accept that people die?
Or do you ask yourself what has actually become of the people in the camps on Lesbos? Are you appalled by the conditions there? Are you disappointed that the new government coalition will continue to pursue a policy of sealing off people and letting them die at our external borders?

Then come to the market square in Heidelberg from 18 January. We will set up a protest camp there until 23 January. With tents in the middle of the city centre, we want to force politics and society to take a closer look.
With an Open Museum we want to focus on the situation at the Polish-Belarusian border and at the same time show the current situation in the camps at the EU external borders.
We still demand the immediate evacuation of all camps at the external borders and the reception of people seeking protection!
Come and be present with us - whether for 30 minutes or 3 days at a time. 
Let's join together to draw attention to the EU's inhumane policy of sealing off people and stop looking the other way as Europe's borders kill.

More information about the programme will follow in the next weeks. We take the Corona situation seriously and will work out a sophisticated hygiene concept. 
If you want to get involved before the camp starts and want to support us in the planning, please send us a PN to 01573-9278453!

We look forward to seeing you from 18-23 January in front of Heidelberg City Hall!